feat: Dashboard filters PUL-2148 (#1797)
codacy/docs: docs/organizations/managing-security-and-risk.md

Each panel shows the total count of matching items and contains a **Review** button to view a list of matching items.

> To limit the total counts in each panel to a specific set of severities or repositories, click the **Severity** or **Repository** drop-downs above the main area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To limit the total counts in each panel to a specific set of severities or repositories, click the **Severity** or **Repository** filters above the main area.
```
same as the comment below, wdyt?

Author: We'll leave this as-is, see [previous comment](https://github.com/codacy/docs/pull/1797#discussion_r1270442680).

When viewing the item list:

> -   To update the filtering criteria, click the **Severity**, **Status**, or **Repository** drop-downs above the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   To update the filtering criteria, click the **Severity**, **Status**, or **Repository** filters above the list.
```

Author: I see your point. In my view, we know they are filters, but they "look like" drop-downs.

Taking all the context out, I find "look for the drop-down" clearer than "look for the filter", so it may be cognitively easier (although yeah, it doesn't read as nice...)

Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: I'm ok with dropdowns.

Reviewer: ok, let's give it a go! :)
